removed designer note (#1389)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/get-started/winforms.md

## Prerequisites  

> Install the following list of pre-requisites before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the following list of prerequisites before proceeding.
```
